Not me not me
Jiang Linlin, when are you going to hurt me?
Tao Huimin, do you know
If the person who came that day was not Section Chief Wang
It's someone else's words.
You will ruin Rongmei's show
I didn't mean to, Ange Lin
I'm just pissed
I apologize to you.
On the contrary, you can explain it to the police.
I don't want Lin Ange
You forgot that my brother saved you
Don't you want the friendship between you?
I just miss the friendship between me and your brother
I will always take care of you and your father
But I don't owe you anything.
joint
I don't want to send it to the police.
Then you write a word
From today onwards, you and Xu Lin Anen are also fine
Complain
I don't write two clear
Lin'an brother
You know I have no source of income right now
You want me to make this statement?
Are you trying to force me to death?
You have such a high degree
You have hands and feet
Why can't I get a real job?
What's your business?
Brother Lin'an, I don't want anything anymore
I beg you, don't leave me, okay?
Hye-min, sign the words
Satellite brother, what your brother An said is true
Only you signed the words
So you don't go to jail?
If I sign this sentence
I have nothing left, you still have me
Actually, I wanted to tell you
I like you.
I want to take care of you.